#summary Getting started with Android programming.

= Getting Started =

Did you miss the "Overview" talk by Tony Hillerson?  Here are the steps necessary to get caught up with the rest of the class.

= Preparing for the Workshop =

If you do not have an account on the CS machines, send me [mailto:jtk@purdue.edu email].

If you have a laptop, you may want to use it rather than one of the lab machines.  You'll need the Java SDK, the Android SDK, Eclipse, and the Android Development Tools (ADT).

  * [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/] (get eclipse-java-galileo-SR1-linux-gtk.tar.gz)
  * [http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html]

If you can come a few minutes early, we can help you get set up.

= Walk-Through =

Here are the steps to take you through the basics, starting in the instructional lab in the Lawson Building, LWSN B158 (Linux with KDE).

  * Launch Eclipse (in Applications/Development).
  * Create a workspace (preferably in a fresh directory).
  * If necessary, set the Android SDK location in Eclipse:
   * Eclipse -> Window -> Preferences -> Android -> SDK Location
   * /opt/android-sdk-1.6
  * Create a new Android project
   * File -> New -> Other -> Android -> Android Project -> Next
   * Project Name: Simple Flashlight
   * Build Target: 1.6 (same as Android G1 phones we have)
   * Application Name: Simple Flashlight
   * Package Name: com.oreilly.simpleflashlight
   * Activity Name: RedFlashlightActivity
   * Finish (to create the project with skeleton code)
  * Within Eclipse, launch the Android SDK and AVD Manager (on Window menu, or use the small telephone icon on the toolbar).
   * Create a new AVD (Android Virtual Device)
   * Name: MyAndroid (choose arbitrary alphanumeric string)
   * Target: Android 1.6 (to match the Build Target, although upward compatible would be OK).
   * Select AVD, press Start, then Launch
   * Wait for emulator to fully initialize (it takes a couple of minutes; you'll see a lockscreen message, then press the Menu button).
   * It is OK to close the Android SDK and AVD Manager window.
  * Back in Eclipse...
   * Right click on the Project (in the left window) and choose Run As -> Android Application.
   * It should compile, build, install, and launch the RedFlashlightActivity.

You are at a stopping point: You have configured your environment, created a simple Android project template, and installed it on the Android emulator.

If you have an Android phone, you can plug it into a USB port.  To download development applications, you need to enable "USB debugging":

  * Menu -> Settings -> Applications -> Development -> (allow) USB debugging.

Back to the Simple Flashlight application...