#summary Instructions for using Subversion with Eclipse.

*_These instructions may be specific to use of Subversion in the Eclipse environment in LWSN B158, an instructional laboratory at Purdue University._*

= Install and Configure Subclipse =

You will be using an Eclipse plug-in named [http://subclipse.tigris.org/ Subclipse].  To enable it in Eclipse:

== Step One: Configuring the Subclipse site ==

  * Launch Eclipse.
  * Go to Help/Install New Software.../Add... to get the Add Site dialog.
  * Type "Subclipse" in the Name blank.
  * Enter `http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.6.x` in the Location blank.
  * Click OK.

== Step Two: Downloading the Subclipse package ==

  * At the "Available Software" dialog (Help/Install New Software...), in the "Work with" blank, select the Subclipse entry.
  * Select the (three) checkboxes to indicate all Subclipse components and dependencies to be installed.
  * Click Next
  * Click Finish

== Step Three: Configure SVNKit for use by Subclipse ==

  * Go to Preferences/Team/SVN...
  * Under SVN Interface/Client, choose SVNKit (rather than JavaHL, which is not available in this lab).

= Using Subclipse =

== Downloading a Project in Read-Only Mode ==

  * Select New/Other/SVN/Checkout Projects from SVN...
  * Create a new repository location
  * Next
  * Enter a URL with a project.  Using `http:` gets you a read-only copy.  Using `https:` attempts to check out a modifiable copy.
  * Example: http://purdue-android-programming.googlecode.com/members/jtk/Homework1

== Adding your own Project to the Purdue Android repository ==

  * You need an account at this (Google Code) site.  See jtk.
  * With your Project open...
  * Right click on Project name, select "Team -> Share Project...".
  * Select SVN, then Next.
  * Enter (if not already present) your location URL in the repository.  Use `https:"` since you will be modifying the repository.
  * Example: https://purdue-android-programming.googlecode.com/members/YOUR-LOGIN
  * Select (default) "Use project name as folder name"
  * Edit (if you want to) the "commit comment".
  * Finish.
 
A dialog about using the "Team Synchronizing perspective" appears.  Ignore or use if you wish.